# CS305
###The client was an organization by the name of Artemis Financial, a financial institution seeming to currently focus on their online platform and data storage. Security for their company seemed to be their largest concern and they hired us to find any and all vulnerabilities and poor practices we could. We also wanted to provide them the most accurate information we could, so we also worked on suppressing false positives or minor vulnerabilities that had no direct fix.

I feel like I identified the vulnerabilities quite well. There were quite a few to sift through for the applications the organization had, but I believe it is really important to identify and understand each potential issue for the program so there is as much information as possible for potential remedies. There are so many repercussions that come can come from not coding securely, anywhere from loyalty and reputation damage all the way to serious legal problems. Some companies can never recover from headlines of security flaws, or it makes them a potential target for further damage.

A substantial struggle with the projects was really just how old each dependency was overall. The job would be much more straightforward if there were significantly fewer issues to sift through in the program. Keeping programs up to date is the easiest and most impactful thing people and companies can do to keep information secure. It is hard to recommend any other mitigation technique when most could likely be fixed with quick updates or patches that have surely come out considering most of these vulnerabilities were years old at this point. 

I would say Maven is going to be evermore important to use in my career path with how much I have used it already. It allowed us to see what vulnerabilities were already in the program and ensure that none of our changes introduced more exploits. 
